C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\testhost.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\testhost.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.core.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\testcentric.engine.metadata.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.deps.json
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Pruebas automatizadas.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Pruebas automatizadas.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\selenium-manager\linux\selenium-manager
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\selenium-manager\macos\selenium-manager
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\selenium-manager\windows\selenium-manager.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\WebDriver.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\Pruebas automatizadas.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.pdb
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.engine.core.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\testcentric.engine.metadata.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\selenium-manager\linux\selenium-manager
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\selenium-manager\macos\selenium-manager
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\selenium-manager\windows\selenium-manager.exe
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.deps.json
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.pdb
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\WebDriver.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\Pruebas automatizadas.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\Pruebas automatizadas.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\TechTalk.SpecFlow.NUnit.SpecFlowPlugin.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\BoDi.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\CucumberExpressions.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\extent.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\ExtentReports.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Gherkin.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\McMaster.Extensions.CommandLineUtils.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Html.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\RazorEngine.NetCore.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\SpecFlow.Internal.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\all\ITLA\2023\ProgIII\Proyectos\Pruebas _automatizadas\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\netstandard2.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
